Oh yeah, so basically the email was detailing, hey, here are the problems.
That we're having within our club.
um so because you're the former president
I was wondering if you could get your advice.
on how to fix these problems, or if there's any advice you'd like to input or comment on.
therapy love to hear so and then Perry Han sent back an email on his
at MIT.edu
Yeah, so you guys are kinda screwed and...
A lot of these issues are very big and difficult to fix.
yeah
Yeah
Yes, but like very gently because I was also talking to Jordan about it at one point
and then i was like yo like like this like
like this kind of This is like the
Apparently he was on call. I mean Jordan was on call with like Merritt and like
Yeah, I know, this surprised me too.
And then so, Terry Conrad's like talking about it and stuff, and then Terry Conrad's like,
It's not that bad though.
I don't know I know i know
you
like bro yeah
Not that bad, not that long.
I don't know
I remember Mohana showed it to me on her phone.
I think it was maybe like a week.
(****)
No, but PerryHan like ignores people on Discord.
oh boy and sue
Nevermind, nevermind. i i just
About huh?
the metro what? oh yeah yeah
Yeah, I can guess why.
yeah yeah yeah
Um, I heard mr. Domi and then new or not the new Billy
The other.
um other guy they were like peeping each other
yeah yeah i agree no and then they're always talking about like oh yeah
Back when we were in the world, all of that was like 10 plus years ago. right
Back when we were in worlds, like we as an FTC made it to worlds
No, I don't think so.
And they're always like, yeah, we're so award-winning.
Wait, give me like Ian Hudson like
Wait, where did he end up going to?
Um, yeah.
Dude, look.
Like I feel like the analogy is
Sadat is like a dad who left the world.
the club and he's like cheating with his secondary family
A.K.A. CSI
and then huh?
Oh my gosh, how many different families does he have?okay then
Definitely.um and then
and then .... she is Trying to make up for life